[Rumbling]
[Ominous music playing]
[Thunder rumbling]
[Crunching noise]
[Rumbling continues]
[Aki] Every night, the same dream,
the same strange planet.
But why?
What are they trying to tell me?
It's been 34 years
since they arrived on this planet.
And not a day passes that the survivors,
forced to live in barrier cities,
do not live in fear.
I have vowed to end that fear.
I believe my dreams hold the key.
The question is,
will I be in time to save the earth?
[Dramatic music playing]
[Engines stop]
[Suspenseful music playing]
Where are you?
[Beeping]
[Phantoms moaning]
- [Beeping]
- [Gasps]
[Phantoms moaning]
[Phantom screeches]
[Growling]
[Beeping]
[Phantom growling]
[Grunts]
[Screeching]
[Gray] This is a restricted area!
Do not move!
[Ryan] What's she doing here, captain?
[Gray] I don't know,
but we're getting her out.
- You're coming with us.
- [Aki] Behind you!
[Screeching]
[Gray] Hold it right there!
Damn it. Let's move, people!
[Exciting music playing]
[Ryan] Two coming through the east wall!
[Neil] Sarge, hold your fire.
Those tanks are flammable!
[Both grunt]
[Gray] Ryan, Neil, let's go!
Just what the hell
do you think you're doing?
There's a life-form in here.
- There hasn't been life here in years.
- Well, there is now.
Life-form or not, I'm taking you in.
Fine, arrest me. But I'm not leaving
without that life-form.
[Ryan] It's gonna be one of those days.
[Beeping]
[Eerie music playing]
[Jane] Captain, the transport is not going
to wait for us much longer.
[Gray] I understand that.
It's in bad shape.
[Ryan] Oh, please, tell me we're not
risking our necks for this plant!
[Jane] I wouldn't even call it a plant,
it's a weed.
- [Neil] I wouldn't even call it a weed.
- I need a minute to extract it.
[Neil] Miss, that's a minute
we do not have.
[Ryan] I'm afraid
he's right about that, ma'am.
[Neil] Phantoms. We have incoming.
[Ryan] Captain, we need
to get out of here.
[Gray] Understood, sergeant.
- [Ryan] Could you hurry, miss?
- [Aki] Done.
- [Neil] Captain?
- [Gray] Yes, Neil?
[Neil] Just so you know, I agree
with the "let's get out of here" thing.
[Gray] Duly noted.
[Jane] Can I have this, please? Thank you.
- We're surrounded!
- [Jane] No shit!
- [Gray] Everybody, just relax.
- [Jane] We gotta get to higher ground.
[Gray] Everyone, up top!
Go, go, go!
[Phantoms screeching]
- Requesting immediate evac.
- [Man over radio] Affirmative.
[Neil] Up here!
[Phantom growls]
- [Jane] Captain! Captain, come on!
- [Ryan] They're right behind you!
[Jane] I've got you!
- You okay?
- [Gray] Yeah.
[Neil] All right, everybody,
here they come.
[Phantoms screeching]
[Tense music playing]
Phew! You okay?
You're gonna be all right.
[Helmet clicks]
[Gray] Can you give me one good reason
why I shouldn't arrest you?
I am Dr. Aki Ross.
I have clearance to be here.
[Gray] Not unlimited clearance.
And now without authorization.
[Aki] Listen, captain,
I don't have time for this.
[Gray] Do you realize you've just risked
the lives of my squad and me?
[Aki] Look, I don't wanna talk about it.
The fact of the matter is,
it was worth the lives of you
and your men.
"You and your men"?
- She thinks you're a man.
- I think she's an idiot.
- [Neil] I know you're not a man.
- I think you're an idiot too.
- [Neil] Very funny.
- [Gray] Well, I do wanna talk about it.
Did it ever occur to you
that maybe we would've volunteered to risk
our lives had we been given a choice?
Well, nobody asked you to save me.
[Gray] I don't believe this.
You have not changed a bit!
Gray?
Yeah. Nice to see you too.
[Dramatic music playing]
[Alarm sounding]
[Woman speaking indistinctly over pa]
- [Man] Welcome back, captain.
- [Gray] We're clean.
[Man] Let's make sure of that, shall we?
[Neil] I hate getting scanned.
Sir, these scanners are probably worse
for us than the phantoms.
No "probably" about it, captain.
These machines are suspected
of causing sterility.
And I want to have a little Neil Jr.
Calling me "daddy" someday.
That's a spooky thought.
Why are you always busting my chops?
People, let's just do this thing,
all right?
Yes, sir.
- [Jane] Yes, sir.
- [Neil] Yes, sir.
Okay, next.
Looks like you've gained some weight.
It's called upper-body strength, Neil.
Get a girlfriend.
I'm working on it.
You know, my security rating allows me
to bypass this.
Not today it doesn't.
[Jane] Something's not right.
- About this mission? Or that woman?
- Both.
[Man] Next.
Listen, captain, I think...
I don't care what you think, doctor.
You're getting scanned
just like everybody else.
-[Tense music playing]
[Ryan] Aw, shit!
- Captain.
- [Neil] They got him.
There must be a mistake.
You came in contact with a phantom, sir.
Please remain calm.
Administering treatment shield.
- What level is he?
- Blue. Code red in 3 1/2 minutes.
- We have to treat him. Now.
- I'm sorry, but that's impossible.
We'll transfer him
to the treatment center.
There's no time for that.
Get him to the table.
[Ryan] Hang in there, captain.
[Aki] Locating pathogens.
[Neil] Jesus, look at that thing!
- How much more time?
- [Man] Not enough.
When he reaches code red,
the treatment shield won't be able
to hold the alien particles.
[Aki] Engaging bio-etheric laser.
- What's going on?
- Where'd it go?
[Ryan] What the hell is going on?
[Man] We've lost contact.
Infestation is moving deeper.
- Tracking.
- [Man] There's no time.
[Aki] Tracking.
[Man] There is no time!
You're gonna lose him!
- [Coughs]
- [Man] His treatment shield is failing.
Come on.
[Growling]
[Screeches]
It's all right.
Don't worry, you'll be back
to normal in no time.
Uh, doctor, we need to scan you
for infestation.
That won't be necessary.
I'll take responsibility.
Hey, doc.
Thanks for saving him.
Are you all right?
[Aki] Yeah, but the military's
impounded my ship.
- What's with her?
- What's with her and the captain?
What's with her and that stupid plant?
What?
Fon/vard me the phantom data
and everything regarding
the five spirits collected so far.
Yes, doctor.
Spirits? I thought we weren't supposed
to use thes " " word.
[Chuckles]
Don't get smart with me.
Now let's see
if that plant does the trick.
[Pensive music playing]
It's a match. We've found it.
[Sid] Yes.
The sixth spirit.
Your little scene today broke
nearly every protocol.
How long do you think this would have
survived outside the barrier?
Aki, you know there are elements
in the council and military
just waiting for an excuse
to shut us down.
Look, 20 years ago, who discovered
this energy in the phantoms? You.
And who proved the same energy source
existed in humans and every life-form?
You. You made it possible
to harness that energy
for ovo-pacs, scanners, even the barrier.
The council knows that. They trust you.
Doctor, we're so close to proving...
But we still need this part.
And this one here.
Exactly. Two more pieces
and we've solved the puzzle!
And we need to be free
to find those pieces.
I want to show you something, aki.
- What is this?
- Read.
"All life is born of gaia
and each life has a spirit.
Each new spirit is housed
in a physical body."
- Doctor...
- Go on.
"Through their experiences on earth,
each spirit matures and grows.
When the physical body dies,
the mature spirit, enriched by its life
on earth, returns to gaia,
bringing with it the experiences...
Enabling gaia to live and grow."
It's my old diary.
I wrote that 43 years ago,
when I was the age you are now.
Dr. Sid!
[Sid] Remember what happened to Galileo?
They threw him in jail
because he said the earth was not
the center of the universe.
That could happen to us.
Our ideas are unpopular, aki.
If you have any notes or records
that could be used against you,
destroy them.
- Keep them up here.
- Right.
And stay away from your friend,
the captain.
He saves your life,
you save his life, this leads to that...
I was young once too, you know.
Doctor, there is a war going on.
No one's young anymore.
[Man speaking indistinctly over pa]
[Rumbling]
[Suspenseful music playing]
[Gasps]
[Man 1] Ladies and gentlemen
of the council,
could you please explain why?
Zeus was completed a month ago.
If we attack the meteor with this,
we will eliminate the phantoms
- at their source.
- [Man 2] General hein, calm down.
At our last meeting, we voted six to two
to postpone using the Zeus Cannon
to attack the leonid meteor.
We have reconvened today
to vote on that very issue again.
Now, I'd like to ask the director
of the bio-etheric center to speak.
Dr. Sid, please.
Thank you. [Clears throat]
As you all know,
the phantoms' nest is in the leonid meteor
that landed here 34 years ago.
What you see now are the records
of every assault on the meteor to date.
Physical attacks have had
utterly no effect.
This scene took place three months ago
during a full-scale bombardment.
Now, please note the phantoms outside
the meteor are indeed destroyed.
However, inside,
many that were dormant come to life,
and as you see,
overall phantom density remains the same.
The newly risen aliens respond
to the attack
by burrowing even deeper into the earth.
Now, this is very interesting to me,
Dr. Sid,
because we see
the same thing during surgery
when using bio-etheric lasers
on phantom particles, do we not?
Yes, indeed we do.
You see, the injured particles escape,
burying or digging themselves
deeper into a patient's body.
And when we increase the laser power
to destroy these deeper particles,
we have had incidents resulting
in further injury to a patient,
and in some cases, death.
And what exactly does that mean, doctor?
It means there's a very good chance
the beam from the Zeus Cannon will burn
the phantoms in the meteor.
Exactly! Thank you.
However, it also means
that the beam energy may be too strong,
injuring the earth.
Injure the earth?
You mean, the gaia.
- I mean...
- You mean, the spirit of the earth.
[Dramatic music playing]
- Yes, the spirit of the earth.
- [Council members murmuring]
[Man] Did he just say
what I think he said?
What are you doing?
I know what I'm doing.
And whatever you do, keep your mouth shut.
[Hein] This is ridiculous.
Doctor, with all due respect,
did you come here just to talk
about some gaia theory?
To tell us that the planet is alive?
That it has a spirit?
That's a fairy tale. And I'm sorry,
but we don't have time for that.
It is not a fairy tale. It is true.
Ah. Oh.
So if I point a gun at the earth and fire,
I'm not just making a hole in the ground,
I'm killing the planet.
Dr. Sid, the gaia theory
has not been proven.
Even if gaia does exist, won't we still
have to remove the phantoms?
I think if there's any chance of success,
we should take it.
- Don't you agree?
- Of course I do.
But there is an alternative
to the space Cannon.
Another method?
[Sid] Yes, a means of disabling
the phantoms.
Please.
As we know, the aliens display
a distinct energy pattern.
Now, it is a fact
that two opposing bio-etheric waves
placed one over the other
will cancel each other out.
It is theoretically possible
to construct a wave pattern
in direct opposition
to the phantom energy.
We are currently assembling such a wave
and are nearing completion.
Members of the council,
gathering plants and animals
from around the world
to fight the phantoms is utter nonsense.
The Zeus Cannon is a proven,
effective weapon.
It will kill phantoms.
Can we afford to wait
for some crazy invention,
some army of touchy-feely plants
and animals,
an invention that offers no solid evidence
that it will destroy the aliens?
There is evidence!
Our partially completed energy wave
has successfully stopped
phantom particles from spreading
through a terminally infected patient.
Doctor, do you claim to have evidence
that a terminal patient has been cured?
Not cured. The wave is not complete.
But we've succeeded in containing
the particles safely inside the patient.
Ugh. Where is the proof?
Here.
[Beeps]
[Council members gasping and chattering]
[Sid] You may have bought us some time,
aki, but I wonder at what cost.
Doctor, I can't keep hiding
in the background while you protect me.
I want what life I have left
to mean something.
You listen to me. When we find
the seventh and eighth spirits...
If we find them.
What we need now is some luck.
Luck has nothing to do with it.
Faith and hard work, girl,
'cause I'll be damned
if you're going to die before me.
[Man over pa] All critical personnel,
report to level 14.
[Door opens]
The council decided to postpone firing
the Zeus Cannon.
I guess I put on a good show.
- Mind if I tag along?
- [Sighs]
You'll probably get bored.
[Man speaking indistinctly over pa]
So, what are you doing?
[Woman speaks indistinctly over pa]
Oh, I see.
You're giving me the silent treatment.
I'm scanning the city
for the seventh spirit.
[Man speaking indistinctly over pa]
[Ryan] Hurry up, Neil.
- [Neil] Relax, sarge. I've almost got it.
- What do you think you're doing?
We're just gonna strand them for a while.
Hey, don't look at me, it was his idea.
This was your idea?
We're just helping
the captain out a little.
Yeah, come on, Jane.
Where's your sense of romance?
You've seen how the captain looks at her.
[Grunts]
It's amore, baby.
What's going on?
[Gray] It's probably just a glitch.
- Listen, aki...
- Ah, I'm still mad at you.
- You're mad at me?
- Leaving your helmet on.
Not telling me who you were.
That doesn't seem a little childish?
I was just upset when you just packed up
and left for the Zeus station
without saying a word.
Well, now you know
what was going on, all right?
Yeah. Now I know.
My operation had to be done
in zero grav, okay?
Fine.
How about the fact that I was sent there
on a job and you wouldn't even see me?
I was probably helping Dr. Sid
collect spirit waves.
- Well, now I know.
- So I'm sorry!
Well, me too! So we're both sorry.
[Sighs] Oh, boy.
So will you tell me about them?
About what?
About the spirits you've collected.
[Pensive music playing]
I was infected by a phantom
during an experiment.
Normally, no one could have survived.
How did you?
Dr. Sid created a membrane
around the infection,
keeping me alive.
So the first spirit wave was me.
- The second was a fish.
- A fish?
The third was a deer I found
in a wildlife preserve outside Moscow.
The fourth was a bird.
Ever tried to track a sparrow
from outer space? It's no fun.
What am I saying?
You probably would love that.
I probably would.
And then there was that plant
I collected from Times Square.
- I thought that was number six.
- What?
You skipped one.
The fifth was a little girl dying
in a hospital emergency room.
I retrieved the sample in time, but she...
I told her everything had a spirit:
Dogs, cats, trees, little girls.
Even the earth.
I told her that she wasn't dying,
just returning to the earth's spirit,
to gaia.
She, uh, told me
that she was ready to die.
She said I didn't have to make up stories
to make her feel better.
Only 7 years old and ready to die.
I'm sorry.
I have work to do. I have to find
the seventh and eighth spirits.
Don't, please.
You don't believe any of this, do you?
I just don't know, aki.
Is this why you shut me out?
You should have told me.
I don't know how much time I have left.
Who does?
[Elevator starts]
I better get back to scanning.
[Man speaking indistinctly over pa]
[Dramatic music playing]
[Clears throat]
Captain Edwards,
you extracted a Dr. Ross from old New York
several days ago, did you not?
- Yes, sir.
- What were your impressions of her?
She seemed very capable
and determined, sir.
You and the deep eyes
are being temporarily reassigned.
You will guard Dr. Ross
when she reenters the wasteland.
[Gray] Understood, sir.
You don't understand yet, captain.
Report any aberrant behavior in Dr. Ross
to the major immediately.
Aberrant behavior, sir?
The woman carries
an alien infestation, captain.
We don't know what it may be doing to her.
The alien presence could be
affecting herjudgment.
They may be manipulating the doctor
for their very own purposes.
Is the general suggesting
that Dr. Ross is a spy?
The general is wondering why
he's explaining himself to a captain.
She's had prolonged exposure
to phantom tissue.
If this begins to manifest itself
in any way,
Dr. Ross is to be placed under arrest
and transported here for observation.
It is, in fact, for her own good, captain.
Of course, sir.
[Door closes]
Major, send some of our men
to keep an eye on the good captain.
[Suspenseful music playing]
[Metal clinking]
[Heart beating]
[Aki] I'm convinced that these dreams
are some form of communication.
Their message still eludes me,
but they're coming faster now
and that can only mean one thing.
The phantoms inside me
are beginning to win.
[Jane] Our target is 50 klicks
west of Tucson.
- [Neil over radio] Roger.
- Phantom concentration?
Not good. We've got big metas everywhere.
So it's gonna be a real picnic.
Stick close to me. No heroics today, okay?
Everything by the book.
By the book. Right.
If we drop energy buoys here,
here and here,
we should be able to land,
acquire the target and get out
before the phantoms even know
we were there.
And the buoys will attract the phantoms?
- [Jane] Yeah.
- For a while.
So you're from the 307th?
Under general hein?
Ever done wasteland recon before?
It can get pretty ugly.
[Ominous music playing]
[Growling]
[Woman speaking indistinctly over radio]
[Neil over radio] Captain, rendezvous
for evac at vector 6, coordinate 279.
[Gray over radio] Roger that.
Stay alert for hostiles.
[Phantoms growling]
Looks like they've taken the bait.
The seventh spirit should be just beyond
that line of wreckage.
I don't see how any living thing
could survive out here.
We'll find out soon enough.
[Ryan] This was
the phantom cleansing mission.
It was supposed to end the war.
My father's in here somewhere.
All right.
Let's move out, people.
[Bird chirping]
I'll be damned.
A survivor.
[Gray] What's it doing out here?
Hoping for life to return.
[Ryan] Is that our spirit, doc?
We're closing in on the life-form.
- [Gray] Distance?
- Hard to say. We're very close.
I don't see anything.
[Beeping]
- You're not gonna tell me it's him?
- That's impossible.
[Ominous music playing]
It's not the soldier, it's his ovo-pac.
How do you explain that? The pacs power
our weapons, the barrier cities...
I mean, it's just bio-etheric energy.
And to create that energy we use
living tissue, single-cell organisms.
You're telling me
his backpack is the seventh spirit?
[Neil over radio] We have incoming.
Captain? Do you read me?
[Gray] Say again?
Do you read me, captain? We have incoming.
Ryan, get the soldier's pac.
[Phantoms screeching and roaring]
[Phantom screeches]
I need a hand! Sarge!
- Those buoys? They're not working.
- Yeah. Thank you.
[Suspenseful music playing]
- Are you all right?
- Of course I am.
[Gray] Let's get the hell out of here!
Something's not right!
This shouldn't be happening!
Something's attracting them.
Aki!
They're right on us, sir, closing in fast!
Jane, take the lead.
[Weapon powering up]
Fire in the hole!
[Gray] Get us out of here, Neil.
- Sir, I would love to, but...
- [G ray over radio] Just do it!
[Woman speaking indistinctly over radio]
- [Man 1] Sir?
- [Man 2] Okay, that's it.
[Ryan] That doesn't look good, captain.
We have to get her to a hospital.
[Man 2] You have your orders, sir.
What the hell's going on here?
[Man 2] Dr. Ross is to be taken
into custody now, sir.
Lower your weapons. That's an order.
Sir, we have no choice
but to relieve you of your command.
I won't let you do this, soldier.
You'll have to shoot me.
Stand down, captain!
[Eerie music playing]
[Explosions]
[Gasps]
[Gray] Aki!
[Exciting music playing]
[Neil over radio] Hang on, everyone!
[Man 2] That's enough.
Hands where I can see them. Everyone! Now!
[Neil] Deep eyes, hard to starboard!
Neil, get us back to New York. Fast.
[Elliot] The deep eyes are returning
from the wasteland, sir.
- There was an incident.
- Mm-hm.
It would seem
the phantoms were attracted to Dr. Ross.
The crew barely escaped
with their lives. And, sir...
Captain Edwards is still in command.
Issue an order.
I want Edwards
and Dr. Ross placed under arrest.
All research materials pertaining
to Dr. Sid's wave theory
are to be confiscated immediately.
That might not go over too well
with the council, sir.
Oh, what a tragedy that would be.
This is perfect, major. The good captain
has opened the door for us.
By tomorrow morning,
the council will be at our feet,
thanking us for exposing the traitors
in our midst and imploring us
to save them from the phantoms.
How is she, doctor?
She is dying.
There must be something you can do.
[Sid] Aki is fighting
with only six of the eight spirits.
We'll have to implant the seventh
directly into her chest plate.
It took a bullet.
I think it might be damaged.
[Sid] We have to repair
this panel quickly.
Her vital signs are dropping.
Aki is slipping away from us.
She needs a sympathetic spirit
to help hold her in this world.
And I can think of no spirit better suited
for that task than yours, captain.
- I don't understand.
- You don't have to understand.
You just be with her now.
You keep her here with us.
[Eerie music playing]
Aki? Where are we?
[Aki] On an alien planet.
How is that possible?
I'm not entirely sure.
You seem pretty calm.
I've been having this dream
every night for months.
Dream?
[Aki] Well, whatever it is...
You're really here, aren't you?
What's happening to me?
Dr. Sid is implanting the seventh spirit
directly into your body.
Then you're my spiritual support.
Gray, how sweet of you.
Look, I don't think you realize
how serious this situation is.
Something you should see here, sir.
And I am watching what, major?
It seems Dr. Ross has been
recording her dreams.
[Hein] And why would I be interested in...
Her dreams?
This is it. This is our evidence.
She's under the influence of the phantoms.
Dr. Ross's dreams should be
all the council needs
to authorize the firing
of the Zeus Cannon.
The council is content to hide,
cowering inside this barrier,
while the world dies a little more
every day.
I believe they need a push
in the right direction, major.
Get together a group
of your most trusted men.
[Ominous music playing]
What are they doing?
Why are they staring at us?
Not at us.
Welcome back, captain.
Is it over?
How is she, doctor?
She's gonna be fine.
But this is only temporary.
We'll need to find the eighth
and final spirit to cure her.
Aki, can you hear me?
I finished it.
I know what it means.
I know what the phantoms really are.
[Man] Nobody move!
You're all under arrest!
[Door opens]
[Elliot] We have them, sir.
[Hein] My wife and daughter...
[Door closes]
Were killed by phantoms
when the San Francisco barrier city
was attacked.
Did I ever tell you that?
I try to imagine
what that must have been like,
seeing everyone around you fall over dead
for no apparent reason.
And then, at the end,
feeling something next to you,
invisible,
touching you,
reaching inside your body...
You've lost family, haven't you?
Yes, sir.
That's why I trust you.
All of you.
You know what must be done.
- [Computer] Security override.
- [Man 1] Ready.
Perimeter breach.
[Technicians chattering]
Major, arrest these men.
- Take it easy. Take it easy.
- Stand up. Let's go.
- [Man 2] You are relieved of your post.
- [Man 3] Don't ask questions.
Reduce power to sector 31.
Sir, you do realize that the phantoms...?
What I realize, major,
is that we must force the council
to take action against the enemy.
[Man 1] Twenty-five percent
of energy pipe Alpha redirected.
[Man 2] Lowering power output
to sector 31.
Barrier breach in sector 31, general.
They're coming through now.
Oh, I think we can easily handle
a few phantoms in a contained space.
Relax, major. When this night's over,
you're going to be a hero.
[G ray] Aki, I don't...
[Aki] But you were in my dream, gray.
You saw it.
That's just it. I'm not sure what I saw.
How can you be?
Captain, please, let her continue.
All right, why do you think
we've never been able to determine
a relationship
between the human-sized phantoms
and the giant ones roaming the wastelands?
Excuse me, doc,
but what frigging relationship?
I mean, you got your human-sized phantoms,
and your creepy caterpillar-y phantoms,
and your flying phantoms,
and let's not forget my personal favorite,
the big, fat, giant phantoms.
Down, boy.
He's right. If you spent as much time
in the field as we have,
you know there is no relationship.
It's like a zoo out there.
Precisely. I think the giant ones
are like our whales or elephants.
But why would an invading army bring
a bunch of whales and elephants
along for the ride?
Unless their ship was
some kind of a crazy Noah's ark?
Hmm. We have always assumed
that the meteor
was intended as a form of transportation.
Perhaps it wasn't.
The meteor is a chunk of their planet
that got thrown into space
when they destroyed their world.
But how could they survive the trip
across outer space on a hunk of rock?
They didn't.
Whoa. This is all beginning
to make a creepy kind of sense.
What do you think about all this, captain?
I think that explains why
we never had a chance.
All our strategies are based
on one assumption:
That we were fighting alien invaders.
Think of the dream, gray. How they died.
Since then,
all they've known is suffering.
They're not an invading army.
They're ghosts.
How many phantoms?
[Elliot] More than enough
to convince the council, sir.
Excellent. Sound an alert.
Send a squad out to eliminate them.
Yes, sir.
Alert status. Full deployment.
Sir, I have numerous phantom contacts!
Well, of course you do.
Outside of sector 31, sir,
and moving at incredible speed.
Major, what the hell is going on here?
They're in the pipes.
They're moving
with the bio-etheric energy flow.
That's impossible. No living thing
could survive in those pipes.
[Elliot] Well, we've got a big one
heading this way. Meta class, sir.
[Phantom growling]
Oh, my god.
Hold your fire!
[Ominous music playing]
[Elliot grunting]
[Electricity crackling]
[Rumbling]
What have I done?
[Explosions]
[Gray] Come on, Neil.
We need to find a way out.
Now, you're our man. Think.
Captain, these walls are titanium alloy,
and the bars are pulse-Sonic lasers.
I mean, it's not like
I can just wave a magic wand and...
[Alarm wailing]
- Neil, I'm impressed.
- That makes two of us.
[Computer] Proceed
to the nearest evacuation facility.
Proceed
I think we should proceed
to the nearest evacuation facility.
Proceed to the nearest evacuation...
[Computer] Proceed
to the nearest evacuation facility.
[Explosion]
[Phantom growling]
- [Gray] Here they come.
- [Aki] But the others! Dr. Sid!
Deep eyes will take care of him. Come on.
[Phantom snarling]
[Suspenseful music playing]
What's happening?
Why can we see them now?
They must be carrying a residual charge
from passing through the barrier.
Behind you!
[Computer] Please stand clear of the door.
Please stand clear of the door.
[Phantoms growling and wailing]
All aboard, captain!
[People shouting indistinctly]
[Man yelling]
[People screaming]
We need to find my ship.
If it was towed inside the city,
it would be in the military hangar.
That's a big "if."
[Tense music playing]
Look out!
[Tires screeching]
- Get us onto the platform.
- You got it.
[Phantom growling]
[Tires screeching]
Okay, now what?
- We're going through the station.
- What?
Captain, with all due respect...
- Excuse me, captain.
- The station.
We're going through it.
It's the only way.
So I gather this will be somewhat
of a rough ride?
Doc, you've got a talent
for understatement.
Hang on, everybody!
[Tires screeching]
Doc?
Interesting.
- Anybody hurt?
- Captain.
[Dramatic music playing]
Oh, god. Talk to me, sarge.
Ouch!
- Give me a hand, Jane.
- [Jane] Right.
No, wait. We're risking further injury.
We need the proper tools to cut him out.
They're in my ship.
- [Grunts] No. No, doc. No drugs.
- Captain?
You heard the man.
We'll find the ship and be back for you.
- I'll stay with him.
- [Neil] Me too.
Nobody's staying.
- Just give me a gun.
- You got it.
Give him a weapon. Do it!
We'll be back for you, sergeant.
You hear me?
I hear you, captain. Now get out of here.
Let's move out.
A quad-axle atv. This is good.
It can be used to retrieve Ryan
and transport him safely here.
However, we'll need to replace
these spent fuel cells.
There could be some live ovo-pacs
in the hangar.
All right, Jane, check the hangar.
Neil, get us ready for takeoff.
Aki and Dr. Sid, prep the quatro.
I'll go to the tower
and rotate the air tray.
This city may be lost, but we are not.
Let's do this thing
and get the hell out of here.
[Suspenseful music playing]
Gray, be careful.
You too.
[Moaning in distance]
[Grunting]
Oh, yeah.
[Gray over radio] Neil, do you read me?
Loud and clear, captain.
This baby will fly itself.
[Mechanical lift clanks]
Flight path is set.
Beginning rotation.
Whoa, stop the air tray.
We have a problem.
I'm reading an impound tractor is
still attached to the prow of the ship.
Can you disengage it from the cockpit?
No, sir. Permission to go outside
and detach the coupling.
[Gray] Do it.
There's the problem.
[Beeping]
The controls are locked, naturally.
Jane, let me ask you something. You think
we're gonna get out of here alive?
I mean, I wonder
if anybody else has gotten out.
- You think anyone's made it this far? Huh?
- Uh...
You think this eighth-spirit stuff is
really gonna work against the phantoms?
I mean, what if it's all a bunch
of mumbo-jumbo?
Ow! Jeez.
Jane, do you mind if we stop talking?
I'm trying to concentrate here.
[Wailing in distance]
[Phantoms growling]
[Gray] What's happening down there?
Nothing we can't handle.
- [Gray] Neil, what's your status?
- Almost there.
I want you two back inside.
We're fine, sir. Jane is negotiating
with extreme prejudice.
[Gray] Talk to me, Jane.
No problem here, captain!
Yes! Captain, we are good to go.
[Gasps]
[Neil grunting]
[Weapon clicking]
[Gray] Jane, get out of there.
Get out of there now! Go! Jane!
Get the hell out of there!
Jane!
The shield is powered and ready.
- Where are you going?
- To the cockpit.
The ship is set on autopilot.
We're in countdown to liftoff.
No, wait. It's too dangerous. Aki!
[Door opens]
[Phantom moaning]
Over here, you son of a bitch!
[Screaming]
[Metal creaks and crashes]
[Phantom growling]
[Ryan groans]
Ryan!
Gray, do you read me? What's happening?
You and sid are getting out of here now.
No! We can't just leave everyone.
Everyone's dead!
I'm not leaving without you.
I'm sorry, but you don't have a choice.
Goodbye, aki.
[Growling]
Gray, come on!
[Gasps]
[Dramatic music playing]
[Phantoms moaning and wailing]
[Somber music playing]
[Crying]
[Gray] I just...
I wish I could believe
they were in a better place.
[Gun clicking]
[Computer beeping]
[Keyboard clicking]
I enlarged the scanning perimeter
to include an area
that we had previously overlooked.
The impact crater.
That's a strange place
to find the eighth spirit.
Yes, really quite astonishing.
But nothing could survive in there
except phantoms.
Precisely.
Which suggests that the eighth spirit
is a phantom spirit.
I can't explain it at the moment,
but once we get down there,
- you will understand...
- Wait, doctor. That's a one-way trip.
Yes. Yes, I expected
that's how you would evaluate our chances.
- Well, am I wrong?
- No, no, no, I agree.
We probably won't live long enough
to extract the eighth spirit
from the crater.
Then why should we even try it?
Because we don't need
to extract the eighth spirit.
If we can't bring the final spirit here,
we can go there
and complete the wave inside the crater.
Yes, exactly.
And how do we do that, exactly?
I can construct a device
that would attach to aki's chest plate
to gather the eighth spirit and then...
And then what?
And then we wait and see what happens.
That's it? That's your plan?
- We wait and see what happens?
- Yes.
Oh, good. Well, I got my own plan.
We keep scanning the surface from orbit,
and maybe we'll find
a compatible spirit somewhere else.
Aki?
I say we go in.
[Man over radio] General hein,
you are cleared for docking
through zero one Alpha.
[Dramatic music playing]
What caused the barrier to fail,
general hein?
Ah. I'm afraid
it was only a matter of time
before the phantoms developed
an immunity to our barriers.
But I am relieved to see
that you and the rest of the council
were able to evacuate to Houston
without incident.
It was a terrible loss
suffered this evening.
The council has reconsidered
your proposal to fire the Zeus Cannon.
I see.
We are transmitting
the access codes to you now.
And, general...
Best of luck to us all.
Prepare to fire the Cannon.
[Man] The target, sir?
The phantom crater.
[Gray over radio] Preparing to drop
in three, two, one.
Powering the shield.
Okay, we're over the meteor.
Do you have it in sight, doctor?
There are so many of them.
Yes! I'm tracking the eighth spirit moving
along the crater's surface.
All right. Now let's take a closer look.
[Ominous music playing]
[Man 1] Ready to fire in three minutes.
[Man 2] Ovo-pacs at maximum.
Transferring plasma flow to auto.
[Man 3] Counter-thrusters are engaged.
Lox flow de-coupled. Status is green.
We have something on radar
over the impact site, sir.
It's her.
[Man 3] Sir?
Just a traitor
under the influence of the enemy.
Continue the countdown.
We'll take them all out at the same time.
We're closing on the phantom.
Contact in 30 seconds.
Target locked.
Ready to fire on your command.
It's a match! It's a perfect match!
- [Man 1] Target scanners ready, sir.
- Fire.
[Phantoms wailing]
[Growling]
What was that?
It's the Zeus!
They're firing on the crater.
[Sid over radio] Aki, captain,
are you all right?
A little shaken. Stand by.
Sid, the eighth spirit is not
on our scanner. Do you have it?
The eighth spirit...
Has been destroyed.
- What are we going to do now?
- Nothing. This mission is over.
- We have to get out of here.
- [Sid] Incoming!
[Both grunting]
[Wind howling]
[Growling and snarling]
[Aki gasps]
What is that?
If you're gonna get us out of here,
you better do it now.
[Phantom growling]
[Both grunt]
[Sid] Black boa to quatro,
I can't hold on to you.
Unable to maintain altitude.
Emergency landing procedures.
[Phantoms growling and wailing]
[Sid] Come in. Come in, please.
Aki, gray, can you hear me?
Sid, I need to talk to the station.
Can you patch us through?
[Indistinct chatter]
- [Hein] What is that thing?
- [Man 1] I don't know, sir,
[man 2] Incoming message, sir.
General hein,
you must cease fire immediately.
What you are looking at in the crater
is the living spirit
of an alien's home world.
Their planet was destroyed
and part of it landed here.
This is not an invasion. It never was.
Oh, I see. And what have we been fighting
all this time, doctor? Ghosts?
Yes. Spirits that are confused,
lost and angry.
Oh, right. And these spirits are
coming out of this gaia thing.
General hein, you have to listen.
Alien gaia, earth gaia. Doctor,
even if! Believed in such nonsense,
the fact remains the earth is
under attack from an aggressor
who must be destroyed at all costs.
The cost may be the entire planet, sir.
Firing on the alien gaia
will only make it stronger.
Since you are under the alien's influence,
doctor, I will take your protest to mean
that we are in fact pursuing
the correct course of action.
So I suggest you take
your last few moments
and prepare to meet your gaia.
Continue to fire
until the invader has been destroyed.
[Dramatic music playing]
[Growling]
[Shrieking]
[Phantom growling and snarling]
General, the system is overheating, sir.
We're going to hit it again and again,
and keep on hitting it until it's dead.
But, sir, we're not even sure
if it's having any effect on the creature.
No effect?
We've got them on the run, soldier.
This is our moment of victory.
I order you to fire.
The system won't allow us to fire again.
We'll see about that.
Our shield is out.
We're sitting ducks in here. Come on!
[Door opens]
[Growling nearby]
[Growling]
This is not a good place to be.
[Dramatic music playing]
What the hell is that?
That's not what I think it is, is it?
Yes, it's gaia.
This is definitely not a good place to be.
Hey. Are you all right?
I'm fine. I have to talk to Dr. Sid.
[Ominous music playing]
[Groans]
[Aki over radio] Sid, do you read me?
Go ahead, I'm still here.
We 're looking at gaia.
Do you hear me, sid? Gaia!
I think this explains why
the eighth spirit appeared here.
Yes, that's it!
A phantom must have changed
into the eighth spirit
when it touched a new life
born from our own gaia.
If so, it would've been given
a different energy signature
that set it apart from the other phantoms.
[Sighs]
You two could not have hoped
for a better location
to find a new compatible spirit.
Whatever you do, don't move.
Stay right where you are.
Staying right where we are
may not be as easy as it sounds.
[Sid] Don't shoot any of them!
You could very well destroy our last hope.
Then what do you suggest I do, doctor?
Ask them to play nice?
Combat strategy is your area
of expertise, captain, not mine.
I have a reading here in the fissure.
Do you see it?
Yes! A compatible spirit.
It must be very near you.
[Gray] Well? Which one is it?
Which one?
[Sid] I'm having difficulty
narrowing it down.
Just a moment, please.
[Phantoms growling]
Doctor, it's getting crowded in here.
Aki, we don't have much time. Aki!
[Gray over radio] Aki!
[Eerie music playing]
[Grunting]
[Dramatic music playing]
[Aki] With the hope of new life,
has gaia changed the phantom within?
Ihaveit
[beeps]
[Aki over radio] Gray, get in here!
[Need you!
Do you hear me, sid?
The wave pattern is complete.
Yes, I read you. This is wonderful.
I don't see how you could
have found the final spirit.
It found me, doctor.
Oh, my word.
I see now. I understand.
Well, I don't understand!
What the hell is going on?
Give me your ovo-pac.
I need to project the completed wave.
- But we'll be defenseless.
- Just do it!
I hope you know what you're doing, aki.
We can use the shield to project the wave.
- What?
- Dr. Sid's theory was right.
I have it. The eighth spirit.
I'm cured, gray.
Are you sure you have the final spirit?
Yes, yes, I'm sure.
- But how? How can you know that?
- Don't worry. A phantom told me.
Oh, great.
That's it. Shield on.
[Phantoms growling]
It's not working. We have
to do something before it's too late.
If this doesn't work,
then it's already too late.
Gray.
Trust me.
[Ominous music playing]
I'll blast you all to hell.
[Alarm beeping]
Oh, no. No!
Get down!
[Computer] Warning. System overload.
[Hein] I know.
- Warning. System overload.
- I know!
Warning. System overload.
- But it must be done.
- Warning.
Fire.
Fire, damn you!
Fire!
[Wailing]
[Somber music playing]
Gray?
Gray.
Don't leave me, gray.
Told sid this was a one-way trip.
Looks like I was right.
No, gray. Hang on, please.
I still have the wave.
We can get through this.
- We're not gonna make it.
- We're going to make it.
We both know that isn't true.
[Phantoms moaning]
Gray.
Help me.
Listen to me.
You saved my life once.
Now I want you to save yourself.
Gray, no. Please?
Let me do this, aki. Trust me.
Don't leave me, gray.
You've been trying to tell me
that death isn't the end.
Don't back out on me...
Now that I finally believe.
I love you.
[Dramatic music playing]
[Gasps]
Oh, it's warm.
[Bird screeching]
["The dream within" playing]
J free the dream within j'
j the stars are crying a tear j
j a sigh escapes from heaven j'
j and worlds end j'
j breathe the dream within j
j the mystifying j
j we tremble and spin j
j suspended within j
j look beyond j
j where hearts can see j'
j dream in peace j'
j trust love j
j believe j'
j we tremble and spin j
j suspended within j
j free the dream within j'
j the voices calling a song j
j a prayer from deep inside you j'
j to guide you I
j be the dream within j
j the light is shining j
j a flame on the wind j
j salvation begins j
j look beyond j
j where hearts can see j'
j dream in peace j'
j trust love j
j believe j'
j we tremble and spin j
j suspended within j
J free the dream within j'
j the stars are crying j
j a sigh escapes from heaven j'
j and worlds end j'
["Spirit dreams inside" playing]
J I wake from a nightmare now j'
j in the day it haunts me j
j it slowly tears me apart j
j with dreams of a distant love I
j I'm a wandering satellite j"
j somewhere in the wasteland j
j I see you smiling at me j
j a vision out of my dreams j
j will everything change? J'
j take the pain away j"
j lead me with your light j'
j heading for the sun j
j leave the sadness behind j
j crossing oceans dry, yeah j
j my world spinning out of time j
j won't somebody stop me? J
j I may be losing my way j
j will you make it right? J
j take the pain away j"
j hear me as I cry j'
j heading for the sun j
j leave the sadness behind j
j crossing oceans dry j"
j deep inside I go j
j the spirit dreams j'
J what can I do, iask? J
j there's nothing left to say j'
j what can I do, iask? J
j why am I here? J'
j why am I lost? J
j lead me with your light j'
j heading for the sun j
j leave the sadness behind j
j crossing oceans dry j"
j deep inside I go j
j heading for the sun j
j leave the sadness behind j
j crossing oceans dry j"
j deep inside I go j
j spirit dreams inside j